Suppose the other teams really had been observing all the bytes going across the network.
Is your resulting network still secure? If so, explain why, and explain whether your answer
would change if (1) you assumed the other teams had also tapped your keyboards and had observed
all of your team's keystrokes, or (2) you are booting off USB and you assume the other teams
temporarily had physical control of the USB. If not, explain any weaknesses of your team's
setups, focusing on possible attacks by such outside observers.

1.
Yes, the network is still secure. Although other teams might have been observing all the bytes,
the messages are safe since they are encrypted with the public keys and can only be decrypted
using the private keys on our computers. Furthermore, it is not feasible for other teams to
identify the private keys with current technology because there is not enough computing power
to determine the private keys of a network.

(1) If the other teams recorded our keystrokes, our data may be compromised. Although they would
not be able to directly attain our private key since it is independent of our keystrokes, they
would be able to determine our passphrase and any other inputs. Then, if an attacker has access
to our computer, they can use the passphrase to access our files.

(2) If the other teams had physical control of the USB, they could gain access to the .ssh folder
in the server and gain access to the private key. This would allow them to decrypt all of our
messages if they are observing the bytes going across the network.

2.
The gpg2 --verify command doesn't really verify that you personally created the file. Instead, it
checks whether the target file and the detached signatures match. This can be a problem if an
attacker intercepts a message, tampers with the information, and creates a different detached
signature. Then, command will just verify that the file and the detached signatures match and not
be useful in determining if it's from a different source.

In order to fix the problem, I would need to post my public key on the internet with some
trustworthy third party organization like certificate authority (CA) so that they can track who
posted the key. This way, there would be a verification process to ensure that the receiver has
the right key to verify.
